/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1975/1228.txt:8:It is very possible for you to become one with this vibration. And, my friends, this vibration of love, this vibration of compassion will transform your life into that of the Kingdom of Heaven. It is a matter of balancing between two opposite attitudes in your seeking. There are two dangers, and we [say] this with a sense of humor, for the dangers are not real. It is the balancing between them that causes your progress. These two dangers, my friends, are pride and humility. Woe be unto the man who begins to feel that it is his love that is setting those about him on the path of light, that [it] is his compassion that is such a light to others. Woe be unto this man, for the love of the personality is limited. It will run out, and in its wake will come much sadness.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1975/1228.txt:9:Woe also to the person who says, “I am unworthy. In my humility I must admit I cannot be a fit channel for the love of the Creator. Do not expect me to keep trying the impossible, for I am not worthy, and I cannot do this.”
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1975/1228.txt:10:In neither case, my friends, have you quite hit the balance. And if you find yourself in either the pride or the humility, balance between confidence and the knowledge of your own imperfections as a personality. You see, both of theme things are true, and neither of them matter. You are a channel through which the Creator may express Himself. The Creator is love, and His expression is love. When you see someone, to your outer eye, he may be nothing but, shall we say, a very common-looking or even unpleasant piece of stone. A large rock, awkward and peculiarly colored. Yet to the eye within, the eye of love, this rock will be the shape which the master may carve from the rock so that it becomes a beautiful statue, a statue with beautiful lines and coloration, with all the potential of that piece of rock set free in beauty of line. People are both their raw materials and the possibility of perfection. It is the Creator Who causes these possibilities to become manifest in the physical world.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1976/1024.txt:13:My friends, you may have asked yourself before this many times: “If indeed I chose these tribulations, whatever was on my mind when I did that? What was my higher self thinking about?” We cannot penetrate the nature of the Creator, nor would we pretend to. And if there is a reason that the white light and perfect love of the Creator was generated into what you have called the Word, so that entities may appear to people the cosmos, we do not know it. Nevertheless, that this is so, we do know. It is possible that, in infinite humility, the Creator offered to all of His infinite parts total freedom to remake that creation. This is, indeed, the option that was before you as you contemplated your entry into the physical illusion before your physical birth.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1976/1031.txt:35:In all humility, my brothers and sisters, do that which is in front of you to do and love. For this is your first mission. If you continue in your seeking and meditation you will be guided.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1976/1121.txt:29:It has been written in your holy works that the master known as Jesus, indicating the correct role of the teacher, knelt upon the ground and washed the feet dusty from the road of those who were his students. This he did as a lesson. My brothers, that which you call humility among your peoples is a difficult lesson to learn. Many are those among you who feel that they are stronger than their brothers and must help them. Yet, we wish to share with you an understanding of yourselves for no one, my friends, is strong. Each is a collection of the strong and the weak. And just as when you are weak and you reach your hand out, someone has helped you and you needed that help.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1978/0703.txt:42:The thing which is right, feels right. This means that this individual must be in touch with his feelings and of course, as always, this goes back to a daily period, brief as it may be, of meditation. When the one known as G met with the entities who became the group which now sits in circle with us, they were strangers but there was a feeling of appropriateness, the feeling perhaps, shall we say, of rightness. And this feeling was shared by all those who were long intended to work together in this group. It was a natural and spontaneous feeling from within, as all spiritual stages occur. All the one known as G did was to act on her feelings. First by going to a class and then by attending a meeting that she had heard about, and then attempting in sincerity and some humility to follow what was to her and still is to her a sometimes strange discipline. This takes being in touch with what feels like the right thing to do. It is a subtle feeling, that of rightness. And we can only suggest that each of you meditate and allow harmony to reign within yourself so that you may speak to yourself and know that feeling of what is right and what is appropriate. Does this answer your question, my brother?
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1981-ra-contact/012.txt:136:The seventh, or violet, ray is unimpaired, this being not only an energy receptor but a sum total of the vibratory level of the individual. The other energy centers are also quite clear. The solution to healing in this case is action that puts into practice the peaceful understanding, in humility-distortion, that the entity is one with the Creator, therefore perfected and not separate. In each case of what you would call ill health, one or more of these energy centers is blocked. The intelligence of the mind/body/spirit complex needs, then, to be alerted either by the self as healer or by the catalyst of another healer, as we have said before.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1982/1212_01.txt:7:As you meditate, my friends, look for yourself. You are perfect. The place whereon you stand is holy ground. You cannot separate yourself from the sanctity of the truth which you seek. In all humility, may we suggest that you experience surrendering yourself to that divine Creator within you. The offshoots of this surrender are many, and you will find that you do not need to be touched only by memories, for life will begin to fill itself with the beauty, the joy, and the completion of the one Creator as it is shown to you in the ever-changing faces of all those who surround you and of yourself.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1982/1226.txt:8:I am Oxal, and I greet you, my friends, in the love and in the light of our infinite Creator. We thank you for the privilege of sharing with you concepts related to those subjects so familiar to you having to do with the birth of the one you call Jesus. We would like you to consider the passage from your holy book, the Bible, which speaks of the Word which was made flesh and dwelt among you. It then compared that happening to the light that shines in darkness. The darkness does not know the light, but it cannot overcome the light. There is much to consider in these phrases concerning each entity’s spiritual birth within incarnational experience. Each at some point within the incarnation consciously chose to be born in spirit or each would not be within this circle. For we are called by a harmonious and unified circle of those who seek. In the same sense that the light came into the darkness does the spiritual self consciously come into being within, that manifestation of being which is each entity within the illusion. And so each of you experienced the conscious acceptance of a portion of the self being born that was not there before and that is to the remainder of the conscious self as a light in the darkness. Further, the incarnational experience within the illusion is designed to challenge that light. Growth of the light does not occur except by intent. It may not be the conscious intent to grow spiritually. It may simply be the dogged intent to survive without harming another. Many are the souls that have been harvested whose concept of the truth was never articulated, yet whose lives became radiant because the light shone in the darkness and the darkness could not overcome it. When each period or portion or phase of the spiritual or metaphysical journey commences, turn again to the experience of the one known as Mary, the mother of Jesus. Each mother physically experiences the nurturing of that in darkness which will be delivered forth into the light. However, when viewed in the spiritual or metaphysical sense, you may see this deliverance as one which is pondered, as it is written in the same holy work, in the heart as you nurture your own infant spirits, and indeed, each new phase of our journey renders you an infant again, it is well to ponder all things in your heart. For yours is the responsibility for your spirit and some care may well be taken, therefore. It has been written, although mythically rather than literally, that the one known as Jesus was forced to flee to the desert as a young child to escape death at the hand of that which may be called a negative influence. Have you given yourselves time and place for constant spiritual birthing and then careful nurturing in the desert or dry place where all things may best be made plain within while remaining secret from the external illusion? The external illusion challenges each entity in its journey constantly. Therefore, a portion of this holiday or holy day which you know as Christmas may well be devoted to the consideration of these movements or dynamics in the life of the growing spirit within. That which comes from you must needs first come to you. The desert is the perfect sequel to the poverty and simplicity of the manger. In all humility console yourself in secret as each new phase of being begins its development. And only when it can stand and walk within you may you then go forth in the manifestation of illusion and speak of those things which you have realized. We are with you as you continuously begin a great story of birth and death and transformation. May your learning be filled with light. We can only give you our opinion that darkness shall never overcome that light. But that opinion we do give. Arise and shine in good time and know that you are not in any sense alone. For all who seek, seek one thing. All are one thing. In the beginning was love. What is your incarnation? Love. How may you manifest it? That, my friends, is worth some work. I am Oxal. I leave you in the love and the light of the one infinite Creator. Adonai.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1984/1118.txt:10:Where did these thoughts come from if there is not a level of knowledge which tells you about yourself? We offer this teaching to you in humility and are so grateful for the opportunity to speak with you. That is all. We can only repeat again and again: O what treasure lies within your bones, what beauty of spirit shines from loin far up into the heavens. There is no distinction, there is no being cut off. The illusion seems to cut you off, but you are a treasure indeed, each of you, just as you are. And in the flesh you shall learn twenty, nay one hundred times better to serve, to love, to give and to accept, to take, to receive. Love is completing circuits; it is not necessarily giving.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1984/1230.txt:3:We are most apologetic that we are so fallible, for we know that each values our opinions. We ask you to remember that all that is said is opinion and not fact. We have traveled a bit longer on a long path, but the path still wends its way into the far distance for us and we do not say what we say because we know that we are infallible; we say what we have come to say to be of service, much as you would be of service to a neighbor who asked you for a measure of flour or salt. We offer you the gifts we have in humility, and we thank you for the gifts you heap upon us, for in serving you, we serve ourselves, and through serving you, we learn and progress far more than we could otherwise within the structure of our own experiences.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/0110.txt:19:And again we say to this instrument, if we may take the time, and we thank you for allowing us to do that, that it is well for this instrument to focus upon the contact and to accept the responsibility for a portion of conscious channeling, rather than to refrain from allowing any organizational abilities which this instrument has in profusion to be allowed to surface. It is not helpful to the contact, and, indeed, we are having some difficulty with the instrument. Perhaps this instrument needs to listen to this message, for if it is true that all seekers need to focus not on what is not, but upon what is, and to judge not the self or others, but seek only the best intention and service. Then is this not particularly so for those who seek to serve by offering the service of vocal channeling? Is pride or humility, indeed, any stance regarding the illusion, acceptable or as acceptable to the self as the allowing of freedom to the self in faith that that which is is, that love is not only true, but infinitely powerful; light, not only verity, but infinitely capable of anguish and darkness?
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/0110.txt:20:Where is there room for fear in a life lived in faith? And if there is no fear, then there is freedom. You see and deplore fear in others. Take it not upon yourselves. Limit not yourselves, but in true humility take upon yourself the yoke of one who serves, and serve in the name of the infinite Creator—no finite creator shall you serve, my children, for why would you? You seek infinity, power, truth and eternal peace, the peace of unity, and all those things are yours only as you manifest them, only as you believe them, thus manifesting to yourself, only as you open your eyes in faith and thus shine not your light, but your greater Self’s light to others. Why should you accept human limitation and lack? You are channels for the infinite Creator and infinite things are your birthright and ours.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/0218.txt:6:As to the one known as N, we feel that we have made good contact with this instrument, and only request that we be given accurate information mentally. Here the one known as N desires an alteration of any kind in the conditioning which she is receiving. We would like to work now with the one known as W. We shall speak with a little bit more of a length of message than previously. We request, as always, that the instrument refrain from analysis and merely produce words which convey the concepts received. In all humility we request this not because our message has a sophistication or eloquence, but because we attempt to speak of the truth, knowing that we can only give opinion. We trust that it is your desire also to seek and to speak whatever part of the truth you may see. We shall at this time leave this instrument and transfer to the one known as W. I am Laitos.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/0717.txt:12:Channeling is actually a fourth-density commonplace, as each entity is aware that within it lies the glory of the Creator. It naturally makes the choice to channel that energy. Those of you in third density can often not see with the physical eyes the seeds of wonder and godhead in ourselves and each other. Yet, that resource, pure and undistorted, lies full-blown within each consciousness’ heart. As you learn to channel the best that we have to offer you, and we offer it in all humility as our opinion only, realize that we are only attempting to aid you in learning to channel your own divinity, that impersonal, caring and life-affirming portion of the self, which with great compassion and justice gazes upon a fruitful and beautiful creation.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/1101.txt:9:The consciousness which invites the higher self to help is one which in humility gazes at the world and says, “In and of myself I see only illusion. I must seek further.” Seeking is the key to contact with this greater self, this larger edition of you. This higher self cannot choose for you that which you must or must not do. It is not an authoritarian presence. Each decision is your own to make within this illusion, and no responsibility can be given to any higher self, guide or teacher. Each is responsible for the self.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/1129.txt:50:Thus, it is well for each who seeks the keys to purification to take with the self the humility to see the self within the great picture of the cosmos as one grain of sand upon the beach of time and space, in order that the pitfalls of pride and the accompanying difficulties which spring therefrom might be avoided.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1987/1227.txt:12:Let us look for a moment, then, at the work in consciousness which a channel may wish to consider accomplishing, for the channel is not the entertainer or the one with the job to do. The channel is rather a kind of person. Your closest word would perhaps be minister or priest. This human minister/priest gazes upon the face of the illusion and chooses to live in a loving, caring and openly spiritual way, bragging not one word, celebrating not one virtue, but instead learning the true humility of one who knows that what one wishes to be, one is only by will and faith, for it is the nature of humankind in third density that all seeming perfections shall be pierced with error. All glasses to a brilliant future are made murky by the inevitable, constant, dramatic game-playing of the illusion itself.
/home/htaf/channelingtxt/1988/0228.txt:5:We are speaking of our attitudes toward the Creator, of the great humility we feel as we attempt to communicate with you, pilgrims along the same path, in a tone of general awe, for we feel that especially in regard to the question which has been asked it be understood that beyond all powers of good or evil lies the mystery of the necessary existence, for why should we perhaps not be? Yet we are. And in astonishment that seems to go on forever, we gaze upon the tempting dark forest of mystery whose heavenly trees forever cloud the vision of ultimate truth. The central and persistent regard for this mystery, the coming into relationship with this mystery, is central. Any teaching which we may give you which speaks of polarities needs to begin with a forthright stance of wo
